sysbuild: Pass SoftDevice Kconfig selection over (#324)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/release_notes/release_notes_changelog.rst

Boards
======

> * Boards must now select a SoftDevice sysbuild Kconfig in the `Kconfig.sysbuild` file e.g. :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SOFTDEVICE_S115`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Boards must now select a SoftDevice sysbuild Kconfig in the :file:`Kconfig.sysbuild` file, for example :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_SOFTDEVICE_S115`.
```
